packages/core/src/components/footer/readme.md, before:

# tds-footer



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute      | Description                                           | Type                       | Default |
| ------------- | -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------- |
| `modeVariant` | `mode-variant` | Mode variant of the component, based on current mode. | `"primary" \| "secondary"` | `null`  |


## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                             |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"copyright"` | Slot for copyright area (bottom left) of the Footer.    |
| `"end"`       | Slot for the end (right side) of the Footers main part. |
| `"start"`     | Slot for start (left side) of the Footers main part.    |
| `"top"`       | Slot for the top part of the Footer.                    |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat: add compact footer property

packages/core/src/components/footer/readme.md, after:

# tds-footer



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property        | Attribute        | Description                                           | Type                       | Default |
| --------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------- |
| `compactDesign` | `compact-design` | Compact design of the component.                      | `boolean`                  | `false` |
| `modeVariant`   | `mode-variant`   | Mode variant of the component, based on current mode. | `"primary" \| "secondary"` | `null`  |


## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                             |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"copyright"` | Slot for copyright area (bottom left) of the Footer.    |
| `"end"`       | Slot for the end (right side) of the Footers main part. |
| `"start"`     | Slot for start (left side) of the Footers main part.    |
| `"top"`       | Slot for the top part of the Footer.                    |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
