README.md, before:

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/scania-digital-design-system/tegel)
![Status: Beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-beta-red)
[![Storybook](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-storybook-ff69b4)](https://tds-storybook.tegel.scania.com/)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/scania-digital-design-system/tegel)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
![node-current](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18-orange)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dy/@scania/tegel?color=f4c430)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@scania/tegel)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@scania/tegel?color=76a4ed)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@scania/tegel)
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/scania-digital-design-system/tegel)](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/commits/main)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/pulls)



# Tegel Design System

Official website: https://tegel.scania.com/

Storybook: https://tds-storybook.tegel.scania.com/

The design system supports the design and development of digital solutions at Scania. The purpose is to secure a coherent, premium brand and user experience across all of Scania's digital touchpoints.

## Status

This package is currently in a **beta** stage. We are now working hard towards a 1.0 release, but if you want to try out the package today you can! It's available via NPM and can be installed using the installation guide below.

## Getting started

Read about how to get started on our website: https://tegel.scania.com/development/getting-started-development

The website also includes information on browser support.

## Contributing

### Code conventions

The code conventions used in (and enforced by) Tegel is documented [here](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/.github/CODE_STYLE.md).

### Setting up the development environment

1. Make sure you are using the required node.js version specified in `tegel/package.json` (node 20 at the time of writing).
2. Run `npm install` in the root directory.
3. Run `npm install` in the `packages/core` directory.
4. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following contents:

```
STORYBOOK_ENV=dev
```

5. Make sure you are in the root directory, and start the dev server with `npm run start`.
 - *Alternatively navigate to `packages/core` and start the dev server with `npm run storybook`*

## Community

Get in touch with the team and the community:

- [Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3a1257007a64d44c64954acca27a9d4b46%40thread.skype/conversations?groupId=79f9bfeb-73e2-424d-9477-b236191ece5e&tenantId=3bc062e4-ac9d-4c17-b4dd-3aad637ff1ac)

## License

All CSS, HTML and JS code are available under the MIT license. The Scania brand identity, logos and photographs found in this repository are copyrighted Scania CV AB and are not available on an open source basis or to be used as examples or in any other way, if not specifically ordered by Scania CV AB.

Commit message:

docs: update to conventions and contribution

README.md, after:

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/scania-digital-design-system/tegel)
![Status: Beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-beta-red)
[![Storybook](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-storybook-ff69b4)](https://tds-storybook.tegel.scania.com/)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/scania-digital-design-system/tegel)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
![node-current](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-18-orange)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dy/@scania/tegel?color=f4c430)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@scania/tegel)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@scania/tegel?color=76a4ed)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@scania/tegel)
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/scania-digital-design-system/tegel)](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/commits/main)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/pulls)



# Tegel Design System

Official website: https://tegel.scania.com/

Storybook: https://tds-storybook.tegel.scania.com/

The design system supports the design and development of digital solutions at Scania. The purpose is to secure a coherent, premium brand and user experience across all of Scania's digital touchpoints.

## Status

This package is currently in a **beta** stage. We are now working hard towards a 1.0 release, but if you want to try out the package today you can! It's available via NPM and can be installed using the installation guide below.

## Getting started

Read about how to get started on our website: https://tegel.scania.com/development/getting-started-development

The website also includes information on browser support.

## Contributing

We warmly welcome contributions from the community! Whether you're fixing bugs, adding new features, or improving documentation, your help is invaluable to us. If you're interested in contributing to the code, have a look at the code conventions listed below to get started.

### Code conventions

The code conventions used in (and enforced by) Tegel is documented [here](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/.github/CODE_STYLE.md).

### Setting up the development environment

1. Make sure you are using the required node.js version specified in `tegel/package.json` (node 20 at the time of writing).
2. Run `npm install` in the root directory.
3. Run `npm install` in the `packages/core` directory.
4. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following contents:

```
STORYBOOK_ENV=dev
```

5. Make sure you are in the root directory, and start the dev server with `npm run start`.
 - *Alternatively navigate to `packages/core` and start the dev server with `npm run storybook`*

## Community

Get in touch with the team and the community:

- [Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3a1257007a64d44c64954acca27a9d4b46%40thread.skype/conversations?groupId=79f9bfeb-73e2-424d-9477-b236191ece5e&tenantId=3bc062e4-ac9d-4c17-b4dd-3aad637ff1ac)

## License

All CSS, HTML and JS code are available under the MIT license. The Scania brand identity, logos and photographs found in this repository are copyrighted Scania CV AB and are not available on an open source basis or to be used as examples or in any other way, if not specifically ordered by Scania CV AB.
