core/src/components/side-menu/side-menu-user/readme.md, before:

# tds-side-menu-user



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute    | Description          | Type     | Default     |
| ---------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `heading` _(required)_ | `heading`    | The heading text.    | `string` | `undefined` |
| `imgAlt`               | `img-alt`    | The image alt text.  | `string` | `undefined` |
| `imgSrc`               | `img-src`    | The image source.    | `string` | `undefined` |
| `subheading`           | `subheading` | The subheading text. | `string` | `undefined` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-side-menu-user-image](../side-menu-user-image)
- [tds-side-menu-user-label](../side-menu-user-label)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-side-menu-user --> tds-side-menu-user-image
  tds-side-menu-user --> tds-side-menu-user-label
  style tds-side-menu-user fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

docs(side-menu-user): mentioning available slots

core/src/components/side-menu/side-menu-user/readme.md, after:

# tds-side-menu-user



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute    | Description          | Type     | Default     |
| ---------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `heading` _(required)_ | `heading`    | The heading text.    | `string` | `undefined` |
| `imgAlt`               | `img-alt`    | The image alt text.  | `string` | `undefined` |
| `imgSrc`               | `img-src`    | The image source.    | `string` | `undefined` |
| `subheading`           | `subheading` | The subheading text. | `string` | `undefined` |


## Slots

| Slot      | Description                                                                                                   |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"image"` | Used as alternative to imgSrc and imgAlt props. Offers injecting <code>HTML</code> directly into a component. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-side-menu-user-image](../side-menu-user-image)
- [tds-side-menu-user-label](../side-menu-user-label)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-side-menu-user --> tds-side-menu-user-image
  tds-side-menu-user --> tds-side-menu-user-label
  style tds-side-menu-user fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
