packages/core/src/components/datetime/readme.md, before:

# tds-datetime



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                                                                             | Type                                   | Default            |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `autofocus`    | `autofocus`     | Autofocus for input                                                                                                     | `boolean`                              | `false`            |
| `defaultValue` | `default-value` | Default value of the component. Format for time: HH-MM. Format for date: YY-MM-DD. Format for date-time: YY-MM-DDTHH-MM | `string`                               | `'none'`           |
| `disabled`     | `disabled`      | Set input in disabled state                                                                                             | `boolean`                              | `false`            |
| `helper`       | `helper`        | Helper text for the component                                                                                           | `string`                               | `''`               |
| `label`        | `label`         | Label text for the component                                                                                            | `string`                               | `''`               |
| `max`          | `max`           | Sets max value. Example for different types: datetime="2023-01-31T00:00" date="2023-01-01" time="15:00"                 | `string`                               | `undefined`        |
| `min`          | `min`           | Sets min value. Example for different types: datetime="2023-01-31T00:00" date="2023-01-01" time="15:00"                 | `string`                               | `undefined`        |
| `modeVariant`  | `mode-variant`  | Set the variant of the Datetime component.                                                                              | `"primary" \| "secondary"`             | `null`             |
| `name`         | `name`          | Name property                                                                                                           | `string`                               | `''`               |
| `noMinWidth`   | `no-min-width`  | Resets min width rule                                                                                                   | `boolean`                              | `false`            |
| `size`         | `size`          | Size of the input                                                                                                       | `"lg" \| "md" \| "sm"`                 | `'lg'`             |
| `state`        | `state`         | Error state of input                                                                                                    | `string`                               | `undefined`        |
| `type`         | `type`          | Sets an input type                                                                                                      | `"date" \| "datetime-local" \| "time"` | `'datetime-local'` |
| `value`        | `value`         | Value of the input text                                                                                                 | `string`                               | `''`               |


## Events

| Event       | Description                   | Type                      |
| ----------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `tdsBlur`   | Blur event for the Datetime   | `CustomEvent<FocusEvent>` |
| `tdsChange` | Change event for the Datetime | `CustomEvent<any>`        |
| `tdsFocus`  | Focus event for the Datetime  | `CustomEvent<FocusEvent>` |
| `tdsInput`  | Input event for the Datetime  | `CustomEvent<InputEvent>` |


## Methods

### `setValue(newValue: string) => Promise<void>`

Method that sets the value of the datetime element

#### Parameters

| Name       | Type     | Description |
| ---------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `newValue` | `string` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-datetime --> tds-icon
  style tds-datetime fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat: add a method to reset datetime value

packages/core/src/components/datetime/readme.md, after:

# tds-datetime



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                                                                             | Type                                   | Default            |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `autofocus`    | `autofocus`     | Autofocus for input                                                                                                     | `boolean`                              | `false`            |
| `defaultValue` | `default-value` | Default value of the component. Format for time: HH-MM. Format for date: YY-MM-DD. Format for date-time: YY-MM-DDTHH-MM | `string`                               | `'none'`           |
| `disabled`     | `disabled`      | Set input in disabled state                                                                                             | `boolean`                              | `false`            |
| `helper`       | `helper`        | Helper text for the component                                                                                           | `string`                               | `''`               |
| `label`        | `label`         | Label text for the component                                                                                            | `string`                               | `''`               |
| `max`          | `max`           | Sets max value. Example for different types: datetime="2023-01-31T00:00" date="2023-01-01" time="15:00"                 | `string`                               | `undefined`        |
| `min`          | `min`           | Sets min value. Example for different types: datetime="2023-01-31T00:00" date="2023-01-01" time="15:00"                 | `string`                               | `undefined`        |
| `modeVariant`  | `mode-variant`  | Set the variant of the Datetime component.                                                                              | `"primary" \| "secondary"`             | `null`             |
| `name`         | `name`          | Name property                                                                                                           | `string`                               | `''`               |
| `noMinWidth`   | `no-min-width`  | Resets min width rule                                                                                                   | `boolean`                              | `false`            |
| `size`         | `size`          | Size of the input                                                                                                       | `"lg" \| "md" \| "sm"`                 | `'lg'`             |
| `state`        | `state`         | Error state of input                                                                                                    | `string`                               | `undefined`        |
| `type`         | `type`          | Sets an input type                                                                                                      | `"date" \| "datetime-local" \| "time"` | `'datetime-local'` |
| `value`        | `value`         | Value of the input text                                                                                                 | `string`                               | `''`               |


## Events

| Event       | Description                   | Type                      |
| ----------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `tdsBlur`   | Blur event for the Datetime   | `CustomEvent<FocusEvent>` |
| `tdsChange` | Change event for the Datetime | `CustomEvent<any>`        |
| `tdsFocus`  | Focus event for the Datetime  | `CustomEvent<FocusEvent>` |
| `tdsInput`  | Input event for the Datetime  | `CustomEvent<InputEvent>` |


## Methods

### `reset() => Promise<void>`

Method that resets the value of the Datetime, using defaultValue if is not 'none'

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `setValue(newValue: string) => Promise<void>`

Method that sets the value of the datetime element

#### Parameters

| Name       | Type     | Description |
| ---------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `newValue` | `string` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-datetime --> tds-icon
  style tds-datetime fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
