core/src/components/button/readme.md, before:

# tds-button



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute      | Description                               | Type                                              | Default     |
| ------------- | -------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `disabled`    | `disabled`     | Control for disabled state of a component | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `fullbleed`   | `fullbleed`    | When enabled, the Button takes 100% width | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `modeVariant` | `mode-variant` | Set the mode variant of the Button.       | `"primary" \| "secondary"`                        | `null`      |
| `size`        | `size`         |                                           | `"lg" \| "md" \| "sm" \| "xs"`                    | `'lg'`      |
| `text`        | `text`         | Text displayed inside the Button          | `string`                                          | `undefined` |
| `type`        | `type`         | Type of Button                            | `"danger" \| "ghost" \| "primary" \| "secondary"` | `'primary'` |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

docs(button): docs for icon slot

core/src/components/button/readme.md, after:

# tds-button



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute      | Description                               | Type                                              | Default     |
| ------------- | -------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `disabled`    | `disabled`     | Control for disabled state of a component | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `fullbleed`   | `fullbleed`    | When enabled, the Button takes 100% width | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `modeVariant` | `mode-variant` | Set the mode variant of the Button.       | `"primary" \| "secondary"`                        | `null`      |
| `size`        | `size`         |                                           | `"lg" \| "md" \| "sm" \| "xs"`                    | `'lg'`      |
| `text`        | `text`         | Text displayed inside the Button          | `string`                                          | `undefined` |
| `type`        | `type`         | Type of Button                            | `"danger" \| "ghost" \| "primary" \| "secondary"` | `'primary'` |


## Slots

| Slot     | Description                                 |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `"icon"` | Slot used to display an Icon in the Button. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
