core/src/components/chip/readme.md, before:

# tds-chip



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property  | Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Type                                | Default               |
| --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `checked` | `checked` | Controls component's checked attribute. Valid only for type checkbox and radio.                                                                                                                                                            | `boolean`                           | `false`               |
| `chipId`  | `chip-id` | ID used for internal Chip functionality and events, must be unique.  **NOTE**: If you're listening for input events, you need to set this ID yourself to identify the input, as the default ID is random and will be different every time. | `string`                            | `crypto.randomUUID()` |
| `name`    | `name`    | Name for the checkbox or radio input element. Also creates a reference between label and input. Valid only for type checkbox and radio.                                                                                                    | `string`                            | `undefined`           |
| `size`    | `size`    | Size of the Chip component                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `"lg" \| "sm"`                      | `'lg'`                |
| `type`    | `type`    | Type of Chip, depends on usage                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `"button" \| "checkbox" \| "radio"` | `'button'`            |
| `value`   | `value`   | Value of input. Valid only for type checkbox and radio.                                                                                                                                                                                    | `string`                            | `undefined`           |


## Events

| Event       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Type                                              |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `tdsChange` | Sends unique Chip identifier and value when it is changed (checked/unchecked). Valid only for type checkbox and radio. If no ID is specified, a random one will be generated. To use this listener, don't use the randomized ID, use a specific one of your choosing. | `CustomEvent<{ chipId: string; value: string; }>` |
| `tdsClick`  | Sends unique Chip identifier when Chip is clicked. Valid only for type button. If no ID is specified, a random one will be generated. To use this listener, don't use the randomized ID, use a specific one of your choosing.                                         | `CustomEvent<{ chipId: string; }>`                |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

docs(chip): docs for label slot

core/src/components/chip/readme.md, after:

# tds-chip



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property  | Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Type                                | Default               |
| --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `checked` | `checked` | Controls component's checked attribute. Valid only for type checkbox and radio.                                                                                                                                                            | `boolean`                           | `false`               |
| `chipId`  | `chip-id` | ID used for internal Chip functionality and events, must be unique.  **NOTE**: If you're listening for input events, you need to set this ID yourself to identify the input, as the default ID is random and will be different every time. | `string`                            | `crypto.randomUUID()` |
| `name`    | `name`    | Name for the checkbox or radio input element. Also creates a reference between label and input. Valid only for type checkbox and radio.                                                                                                    | `string`                            | `undefined`           |
| `size`    | `size`    | Size of the Chip component                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `"lg" \| "sm"`                      | `'lg'`                |
| `type`    | `type`    | Type of Chip, depends on usage                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `"button" \| "checkbox" \| "radio"` | `'button'`            |
| `value`   | `value`   | Value of input. Valid only for type checkbox and radio.                                                                                                                                                                                    | `string`                            | `undefined`           |


## Events

| Event       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Type                                              |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `tdsChange` | Sends unique Chip identifier and value when it is changed (checked/unchecked). Valid only for type checkbox and radio. If no ID is specified, a random one will be generated. To use this listener, don't use the randomized ID, use a specific one of your choosing. | `CustomEvent<{ chipId: string; value: string; }>` |
| `tdsClick`  | Sends unique Chip identifier when Chip is clicked. Valid only for type button. If no ID is specified, a random one will be generated. To use this listener, don't use the randomized ID, use a specific one of your choosing.                                         | `CustomEvent<{ chipId: string; }>`                |


## Slots

| Slot      | Description              |
| --------- | ------------------------ |
| `"label"` | Slot for the label text. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
