core/src/components/toast/readme.md, before:

# tds-toast


## Slots

### Subheader
```jsx
<tds-toast type="information" header="Header">
  <div slot="toast-subheader">Subheader</div>
  <a slot="toast-link" href="#">This is a link.</a>
</tds-toast>
```

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property    | Attribute    | Description                                            | Type                                                 | Default               |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `header`    | `header`     | Header text for the Toast.                             | `string`                                             | `undefined`           |
| `hidden`    | `hidden`     | Hides the Toast.                                       | `boolean`                                            | `false`               |
| `subheader` | `subheader`  | Subheader text for the component.                      | `string`                                             | `undefined`           |
| `toastId`   | `toast-id`   | ID for the Toast. Randomly generated if not specified. | `string`                                             | `crypto.randomUUID()` |
| `toastRole` | `toast-role` | ARIA role for the Toast.                               | `"alert" \| "log" \| "status"`                       | `'alert'`             |
| `type`      | `type`       | Type of Toast.                                         | `"error" \| "information" \| "success" \| "warning"` | `'information'`       |


## Events

| Event      | Description                                             | Type                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `tdsClose` | Sends unique Toast identifier when component is closed. | `CustomEvent<{ toastId: string; }>` |


## Methods

### `hideToast() => Promise<void>`

Hides the Toast.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `showToast() => Promise<void>`

Shows the Toast.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-toast --> tds-icon
  style tds-toast fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(slots): slot docs and added header slots for toast and banner

core/src/components/toast/readme.md, after:

# tds-toast



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property    | Attribute    | Description                                            | Type                                                 | Default               |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `header`    | `header`     | Header text for the Toast.                             | `string`                                             | `undefined`           |
| `hidden`    | `hidden`     | Hides the Toast.                                       | `boolean`                                            | `false`               |
| `subheader` | `subheader`  | Subheader text for the component.                      | `string`                                             | `undefined`           |
| `toastId`   | `toast-id`   | ID for the Toast. Randomly generated if not specified. | `string`                                             | `crypto.randomUUID()` |
| `toastRole` | `toast-role` | ARIA role for the Toast.                               | `"alert" \| "log" \| "status"`                       | `'alert'`             |
| `type`      | `type`       | Type of Toast.                                         | `"error" \| "information" \| "success" \| "warning"` | `'information'`       |


## Events

| Event      | Description                                             | Type                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `tdsClose` | Sends unique Toast identifier when component is closed. | `CustomEvent<{ toastId: string; }>` |


## Methods

### `hideToast() => Promise<void>`

Hides the Toast.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `showToast() => Promise<void>`

Shows the Toast.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot                | Description                      |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `"toast-header"`    | Slot for the Toast header.       |
| `"toast-link"`      | Slot for the Toast link section. |
| `"toast-subheader"` | Slot for the Toast subheader.    |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-toast --> tds-icon
  style tds-toast fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
