core/src/components/popover-menu/readme.md, before:

# tds-popover-menu



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute         | Description                                                           | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default     |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `offsetDistance` | `offset-distance` | Sets the offset distance                                              | `number`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `8`         |
| `offsetSkidding` | `offset-skidding` | Sets the offset skidding                                              | `number`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `0`         |
| `placement`      | `placement`       | Decides the placement of the Popover Menu                             | `"auto" \| "auto-end" \| "auto-start" \| "bottom" \| "bottom-end" \| "bottom-start" \| "left" \| "left-end" \| "left-start" \| "right" \| "right-end" \| "right-start" \| "top" \| "top-end" \| "top-start"` | `'auto'`    |
| `referenceEl`    | --                | Element that will trigger the pop-over (takes priority over selector) | `HTMLElement`                                                                                                                                                                                                | `undefined` |
| `selector`       | `selector`        | The CSS-selector for an element that will trigger the pop-over        | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `''`        |
| `show`           | `show`            | Decides if the Popover Menu should be visible from the start          | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `null`      |


## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                      |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For the list of menu items. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-popover-core](../popover-core)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-popover-menu --> tds-popover-core
  style tds-popover-menu fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

docs(popover-menu): document optic out logic for show prop

core/src/components/popover-menu/readme.md, after:

# tds-popover-menu



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute         | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default     |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `offsetDistance` | `offset-distance` | Sets the offset distance                                                                                                                                      | `number`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `8`         |
| `offsetSkidding` | `offset-skidding` | Sets the offset skidding                                                                                                                                      | `number`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `0`         |
| `placement`      | `placement`       | Decides the placement of the Popover Menu                                                                                                                     | `"auto" \| "auto-end" \| "auto-start" \| "bottom" \| "bottom-end" \| "bottom-start" \| "left" \| "left-end" \| "left-start" \| "right" \| "right-end" \| "right-start" \| "top" \| "top-end" \| "top-start"` | `'auto'`    |
| `referenceEl`    | --                | Element that will trigger the pop-over (takes priority over selector)                                                                                         | `HTMLElement`                                                                                                                                                                                                | `undefined` |
| `selector`       | `selector`        | The CSS-selector for an element that will trigger the pop-over                                                                                                | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `''`        |
| `show`           | `show`            | Controls whether the Popover is shown or not. If this is set hiding and showing will be decided by this prop and will need to be controlled from the outside. | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `null`      |


## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                      |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For the list of menu items. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-popover-core](../popover-core)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-popover-menu --> tds-popover-core
  style tds-popover-menu fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
