core/src/components/table/table-footer/readme.md, before:

# tds-table-footer



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                 | Attribute                   | Description                                                                                                                               | Type      | Default     |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `clientSetColumnsNumber` | `client-set-columns-number` | In case that automatic count of columns does not work, user can manually set this one. Take in mind that expandable control is column too | `number`  | `null`      |
| `maxPages`               | `max-pages`                 | Prop for a client to set max number of pages.                                                                                             | `number`  | `undefined` |
| `pagination`             | `pagination`                | Enable pagination and show pagination controls                                                                                            | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `paginationValue`        | `pagination-value`          | Sets the pagination number.                                                                                                               | `number`  | `1`         |
| `rowsPerPage`            | `rows-per-page`             | Sets how many rows to display when pagination is enabled.                                                                                 | `number`  | `5`         |


## Events

| Event           | Description                                                                                                                          | Type                                                         |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `tdsPageChange` | Event to send current page value to tds-table-body component, can also be listened to in order to implement custom pagination logic. | `CustomEvent<{ tableId: string; paginationValue: number; }>` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-table-footer --> tds-icon
  style tds-table-footer fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(table-footer): refactored pagination logic and implementation
n

core/src/components/table/table-footer/readme.md, after:

# tds-table-footer



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property          | Attribute          | Description                                                                                                                               | Type      | Default     |
| ----------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `cols`            | `cols`             | <b>Client override</b> Used to set the number of columns, use as fallback if the automatic count of columns fail.                         | `number`  | `null`      |
| `pages`           | `pages`            | Sets the number of pages.                                                                                                                 | `number`  | `null`      |
| `pagination`      | `pagination`       | Enable pagination and show pagination controls                                                                                            | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `paginationValue` | `pagination-value` | Sets the pagination number.                                                                                                               | `number`  | `1`         |
| `rowsPerPage`     | `rows-per-page`    | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> Used to set rows per page, this also enabled automatic pagination of the table.<br/><br/> | `number`  | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event           | Description                                                                                                                          | Type                                                         |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `tdsPageChange` | Event to send current page value to tds-table-body component, can also be listened to in order to implement custom pagination logic. | `CustomEvent<{ tableId: string; paginationValue: number; }>` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-table-footer --> tds-icon
  style tds-table-footer fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
