packages/core/src/components/tabs/inline-tabs/readme.md, before:

# tds-inline-tabs



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute                | Description                                                                            | Type                       | Default     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ----------- |
| `defaultSelectedIndex` | `default-selected-index` | Sets the default selected Tab.                                                         | `number`                   | `0`         |
| `modeVariant`          | `mode-variant`           | Variant of the Tabs, primary= on white, secondary= on grey50                           | `"primary" \| "secondary"` | `'primary'` |
| `padding`              | `padding`                | Custom padding value for tab items. If false, no custom padding is applied.            | `boolean \| number`        | `false`     |
| `selectedIndex`        | `selected-index`         | Sets the selected Tab. If this is set, all Tab changes need to be handled by the user. | `number`                   | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event       | Description                                     | Type                                         |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `tdsChange` | Event emitted when the selected Tab is changed. | `CustomEvent<{ selectedTabIndex: number; }>` |


## Methods

### `reinitialize() => Promise<void>`

Reinitializes the component.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `selectTab(tabIndex: number) => Promise<{ selectedTabIndex: number; }>`

Selects a Tab based on tabindex, will not select a disabled Tab.

#### Parameters

| Name       | Type     | Description |
| ---------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `tabIndex` | `number` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<{ selectedTabIndex: number; }>`




## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For the tab elements. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-inline-tabs --> tds-icon
  style tds-inline-tabs fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

fix(tabs): only allow custome left padding on wrapper

packages/core/src/components/tabs/inline-tabs/readme.md, after:

# tds-inline-tabs



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute                | Description                                                                            | Type                       | Default     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ----------- |
| `defaultSelectedIndex` | `default-selected-index` | Sets the default selected Tab.                                                         | `number`                   | `0`         |
| `leftPadding`          | `left-padding`           | Custom left padding value for the wrapper element.                                     | `number`                   | `0`         |
| `modeVariant`          | `mode-variant`           | Variant of the Tabs, primary= on white, secondary= on grey50                           | `"primary" \| "secondary"` | `'primary'` |
| `selectedIndex`        | `selected-index`         | Sets the selected Tab. If this is set, all Tab changes need to be handled by the user. | `number`                   | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event       | Description                                     | Type                                         |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `tdsChange` | Event emitted when the selected Tab is changed. | `CustomEvent<{ selectedTabIndex: number; }>` |


## Methods

### `reinitialize() => Promise<void>`

Reinitializes the component.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `selectTab(tabIndex: number) => Promise<{ selectedTabIndex: number; }>`

Selects a Tab based on tabindex, will not select a disabled Tab.

#### Parameters

| Name       | Type     | Description |
| ---------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `tabIndex` | `number` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<{ selectedTabIndex: number; }>`




## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For the tab elements. |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-inline-tabs --> tds-icon
  style tds-inline-tabs fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
