packages/core/src/components/accordion/accordion-item/readme.md, before:

# tds-accordion-item



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property             | Attribute              | Description                                                                                    | Type               | Default |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | ------- |
| `disabled`           | `disabled`             | Disabled option in `boolean`.                                                                  | `boolean`          | `false` |
| `expandIconPosition` | `expand-icon-position` | Changes position of the expand icon.                                                           | `"end" \| "start"` | `'end'` |
| `expanded`           | `expanded`             | Set to true to expand panel open                                                               | `boolean`          | `false` |
| `header`             | `header`               | The header gives users the context about the additional information available inside the panel | `string`           | `''`    |
| `paddingReset`       | `padding-reset`        | When true, 16px on right padding instead of 64px                                               | `boolean`          | `false` |


## Events

| Event       | Description                                                                  | Type                                  |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `tdsToggle` | Fires when the Accordion Item is clicked, but before it is closed or opened. | `CustomEvent<{ expanded: boolean; }>` |


## Methods

### `toggleAccordionItem() => Promise<void>`

Method for toggling the expanded state of the Accordion Item.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                                |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For content of an expanded accordion. |
| `"header"`    | Slot for the Accordion Item header.                        |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-accordion-item --> tds-icon
  style tds-accordion-item fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(accordion): add animation prop and styles to accordion items

packages/core/src/components/accordion/accordion-item/readme.md, after:

# tds-accordion-item



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property             | Attribute              | Description                                                                                    | Type                | Default   |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | --------- |
| `animation`          | `animation`            | Animation variant for the accordion item. Inherits from tds-accordion if not set explicitly.   | `"none" \| "slide"` | `'slide'` |
| `disabled`           | `disabled`             | Disabled option in `boolean`.                                                                  | `boolean`           | `false`   |
| `expandIconPosition` | `expand-icon-position` | Changes position of the expand icon.                                                           | `"end" \| "start"`  | `'end'`   |
| `expanded`           | `expanded`             | Set to true to expand panel open                                                               | `boolean`           | `false`   |
| `header`             | `header`               | The header gives users the context about the additional information available inside the panel | `string`            | `''`      |
| `paddingReset`       | `padding-reset`        | When true, 16px on right padding instead of 64px                                               | `boolean`           | `false`   |


## Events

| Event       | Description                                                                  | Type                                  |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `tdsToggle` | Fires when the Accordion Item is clicked, but before it is closed or opened. | `CustomEvent<{ expanded: boolean; }>` |


## Methods

### `toggleAccordionItem() => Promise<void>`

Method for toggling the expanded state of the Accordion Item.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                                |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For content of an expanded accordion. |
| `"header"`    | Slot for the Accordion Item header.                        |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [tds-icon](../../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  tds-accordion-item --> tds-icon
  style tds-accordion-item fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
