core/src/components/table/table/readme.md, before:

# tds-table



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property           | Attribute           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Type                       | Default              |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `compactDesign`    | `compact-design`    | Enables style where Table toolbar, rows and footer are less high                                                                                                                                                                            | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `expandableRows`   | `expandable-rows`   | Enables extended row feature of Table                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `modeVariant`      | `mode-variant`      | Variant of the component, based on current mode.                                                                                                                                                                                            | `"primary" \| "secondary"` | `null`               |
| `multiselect`      | `multiselect`       | Enables multiselect feature of Table                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `noMinWidth`       | `no-min-width`      | Enables to customize width on Table columns                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `boolean`                  | `undefined`          |
| `responsive`       | `responsive`        | Enables Table to take 100% available width with equal spacing of columns                                                                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `tableId`          | `table-id`          | ID used for internal Table functionality and events, must be unique.  **NOTE**: If you're listening for Table events, you need to set this ID yourself to identify the Table, as the default ID is random and will be different every time. | `string`                   | `generateUniqueId()` |
| `verticalDividers` | `vertical-dividers` | Enables style with vertical dividers between columns                                                                                                                                                                                        | `boolean`                  | `false`              |


## Methods

### `getSelectedRows() => Promise<string>`

Returns all selected rows data in JSON

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<string>`




----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

docs(table): update readme files

core/src/components/table/table/readme.md, after:

# tds-table



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property           | Attribute           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Type                       | Default              |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `compactDesign`    | `compact-design`    | Enables style where Table toolbar, rows and footer are less high                                                                                                                                                                            | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `expandableRows`   | `expandable-rows`   | Enables extended row feature of Table                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `modeVariant`      | `mode-variant`      | Variant of the component, based on current mode.                                                                                                                                                                                            | `"primary" \| "secondary"` | `null`               |
| `multiselect`      | `multiselect`       | Enables multiselect feature of Table                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `noMinWidth`       | `no-min-width`      | Enables to customize width on Table columns                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `boolean`                  | `undefined`          |
| `responsive`       | `responsive`        | Enables Table to take 100% available width with equal spacing of columns                                                                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                  | `false`              |
| `tableId`          | `table-id`          | ID used for internal Table functionality and events, must be unique.  **NOTE**: If you're listening for Table events, you need to set this ID yourself to identify the Table, as the default ID is random and will be different every time. | `string`                   | `generateUniqueId()` |
| `verticalDividers` | `vertical-dividers` | Enables style with vertical dividers between columns                                                                                                                                                                                        | `boolean`                  | `false`              |


## Methods

### `getSelectedRows() => Promise<string>`

Returns all selected rows data in JSON

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<string>`




## Slots

| Slot          | Description                                  |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `"<default>"` | <b>Unnamed slot.</b> For the table contents. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
